domain-rules /gmhz.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ameba.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxydns.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aliengu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /internetdefenseleague.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuidang.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwandaily.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sixth.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freerk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /friendsoftibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cosmic.monar.ch/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /churchinhongkong.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /londonchinese.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sapikachu.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /de-sci.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /discordapp.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /seezone.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /igotmail.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vital247.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gist.github.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /airconsole.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twittbot.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alternativeto.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornrapidshare.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xxlmovies.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /4gtv.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dysfz.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qixianglu.cn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet.sk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /microvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /torrentz.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /guardster.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /terabox.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pubu.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alhayat.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /livestream.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dmhy.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /metro.taipei/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /purplelotus.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tokyo-porn-tube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.dj/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /trtc.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /phayul.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tparents.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /livedoor.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sokamonline.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /homeservershow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gamebase.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /soup.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youporngay.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gaycn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falunpilipinas.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /weiquanwang.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iportal.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /americangreencard.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /christianstudy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xpdo.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shiksha.ws/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /truebuddha-md.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vanpeople.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falunart.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amnesty.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /domains.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hechaji.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ippotv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wheelockslatin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dotplane.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /21join.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tl.gd/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /video.foxbusiness.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gtricks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /documentingreality.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cardinalkungfoundation.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iyouport.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gaeproxy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ronjoneswriter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ur7s.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /motherless.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yibada.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /radiovncr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lyfhk.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mizzmona.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zaobao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thebodyshop-usa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /guangnianvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ai.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tw-npo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crackle.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /telesco.pe/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meetav.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cytode.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /new96.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /legsjapan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bullogger.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hanime.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dailidaili.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /laoyang.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coinbene.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinasoul.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freedomcollection.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nylon-angel.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cleansite.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.ie/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rigpa.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hcaptcha.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /presidentlee.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /177pic.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /video.pbs.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bestvpnanalysis.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hotpornshow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /devio.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yong.hu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /j.mp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /apk.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huaglad.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /internet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wowporn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /china-mmm.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hilive.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /g0v.social/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greenvpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jgoodies.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kanzhongguo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lotuslight.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /991.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bit.do/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /china18.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /discoins.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /experts-univers.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lflinkup.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cool18.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nhentai.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.foolsmountain.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinahorizon.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /logiqx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /illusionfactory.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /voatibetanenglish.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /prosciana.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /therock.net.nz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wiki.esu.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twindexx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /md-t.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onlineyoutube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spankbang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pmates.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetrelieffund.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bynet.co.il/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxyroad.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rightbtc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ccw.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet.a.se/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jfqu37.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wisevid.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stc.com.sa/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /141jj.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uncyclopedia.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanarts.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mirrorbooks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nytimes.map.fastly.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kkbox.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thomasbernhard.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /msha.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /persiankitty.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /letscorp.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /89-64.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /phonegap.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alanhou.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fqok.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /my.mail.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shitaotv.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fawanghuihui.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /finler.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /innermongolia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hizbuttahrir.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ddns.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spike.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mojim.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gamme.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ghanely.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /page2rss.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /64tianwang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /waveprotocol.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /trickip.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tubegals.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jamaat.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yigeni.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /btc98.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www1.american.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pttvan.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhanlve.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dongtaiwang.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /findyoutube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /etizer.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /getmdl.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mvg.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duckload.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkmap.live/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rfaweb.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fbcdn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cnbbnews.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinese.donga.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /esmtp.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shodanhq.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youlucky.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /globalrescue.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alwaysdata.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yobit.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fuyin.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freemorenews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freakshare.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /livingonline.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /civilmedia.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gunsandammo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myftp.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newcenturynews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kucoin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /privateinternetaccess.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amnesty.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mastodon.host/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ironbigfools.compython.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hutianyi.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /statueofdemocracy.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lipuman.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jbtalks.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /on.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fourthinternational.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lflink.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duplicati.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /business.site/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /appdownloader.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /placemix.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pen.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gaymap.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /truveo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /theporndude.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youtubeeducation.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pixnet.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oizoblog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iam.soy/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fastssh.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /edgecastcdn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pwned.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkfront.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetaid.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hbo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinterest.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xizang-zhiye.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amazonvideo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.taup.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinterest.dk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fanyue.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkchronicles.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /westkit.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikimapia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /friendfeed-media.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /overplay.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /encyclopedia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lemonde.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fpmt-osel.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fdbox.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ruyiseek.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /strongvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wo.tc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ddns.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /serveuser.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lizhizhuangbi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goo.gl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twerkingbutt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /globaltm.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dhcp.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /longmusic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tvants.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tryheart.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnuk.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unblockdmm.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /isaacmao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpn.cmu.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /easyca.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.it/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.americorps.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dns2.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chapm25.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet.at/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /soc.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lerosua.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lagranepoca.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fdc64.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /appspot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /get.app/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /csw.org.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /go.sony.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newgrounds.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bitinka.com.ar/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mrface.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /superfreevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbcollege.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gardennetworks.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /resilio.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /allgirlsallowed.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myz.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tigervpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /supervpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /315lz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dongtaiwang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /51.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /happy-vpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /frontlinedefenders.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shat-tibet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /imageshack.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailama.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gaforum.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hentai.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /laogai.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newstamago.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /socrec.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uwants.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /itweet.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkcmi.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googleplus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailamacenter.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mgoon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fpmtmexico.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /knowledgerush.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /godsimmediatecontact.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tmi.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jiaoyou8.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /foxdie.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gather.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pacificpoker.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /labiennale.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tahr.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huaxiabao.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ourhobby.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twiends.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /padmanet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bibox.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /helplinfen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /brandonhutchinson.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dabr.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xinsheng.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googledomains.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdn-images.mailchimp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbs.mychat.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxy.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cusu.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mohu.club/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /standupfortibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /popo.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nflximg.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sketchappsources.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /filmingfortibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /softether.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetmuseum.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /getfoxyproxy.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twtrland.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornmm.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vod-abematv.akamaized.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lists.w3.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /otcbtc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinesedailynews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hbg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /soupofmedia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /convio.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huhamhire.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /toh.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinman.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coin2co.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duanzhihu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blogblog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gmiddle.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nokola.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanfeministcollective.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.omy.sg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingjinglishi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /roboforex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cnineu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hideman.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fc2blog.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eroprofile.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lionsroar.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eyevio.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /waymo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /video.aol.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mp3ye.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetcity.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nytimg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /guruonline.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /line.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /i818hk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hegre-art.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /westernshugdensociety.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vatn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /angela-merkel.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinasucks.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hakkatv.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mx981.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cecc.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eurekavpt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /notify.dropboxapi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lefora.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /asia-gaming.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinoy-n.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /camfrog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /weblagu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hjclub.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /politiscales.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /5299.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tcnynj.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetcharity.dk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /himemix.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bonfoundation.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuo8.ninja/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goodreads.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ss7.vzw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vds.rightster.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /solidfiles.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gmll.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /graphis.ne.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /multiproxy.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jbtalks.my/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mynumber.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sitekreator.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alwaysvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /users.skynet.be/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xn--p8j9a0d9c9a.xn--q9jyb4c/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cnabc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chubun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uploadstation.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /me.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /apkpure.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mynetav.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /now.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rapbull.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kba-tx.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinterest.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sacom.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /on2.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /urbansurvival.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youtube-nocookie.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /airvpn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /serveusers.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /metrolife.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freeopenvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.owind.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /savetibetstore.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnpop.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cnex.org.cn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sstmlt.moe/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /4shared.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /2shared.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /minghui-a.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uighur.nl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fb.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zi5.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkgreenradio.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /isuntv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /is.gd/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /get.page/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /erabaru.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweeplike.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gov.taipei/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sm3ha.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlehosted.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /foxgay.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jukujo-club.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /m8008.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tfhub.dev/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yorkbbs.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sourcewadio.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pachosting.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lidecheng.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitgether.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /soumo.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freechal.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mercatox.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /metart.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tw.iqiyi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meltoday.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sgzhan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbsseattle.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /withyoutube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hao.news/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kissbbao.cn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /share.ovi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lantosfoundation.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vine.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1mobile.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cn.sandscotaicentral.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bestgore.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /changeip.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /holyspiritspeaks.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.soylent.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /etherdelta.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ustream.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /db.tt/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /archive.li/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinachange.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /8news.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkjp.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /inoreader.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javseen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinaworker.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hotspotshield.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wire.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gvm.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /citypopulation.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bolehvpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /khmusic.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sendspace.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ismprofessional.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alicejapan.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /niu.moe/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sukebei.nyaa.si/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nyti.ms/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hulu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sadistic-v.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /weijingsheng.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /if.ttt/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /insidevoa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iphone4hongkong.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vovo2000.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fleursdeslettres.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpntraffic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hybrid-analysis.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amnestyusa.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dadazim.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes.ie/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /usma.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /geocities.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ugo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /biliworld.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /furbo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ukliferadio.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thinkgeek.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweepmag.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /a5.com.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kinmen.travel/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gs-discuss.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fring.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jingpin.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sethwklein.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /organharvestinvestigation.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /istockphoto.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hizb-ut-tahrir.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /activpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /changeip.name/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /deaftone.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /paljorpublications.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tradingview.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fevernet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /firearmsworld.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bloomberg.cn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /redtube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /technews.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nexton-net.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweetdeck.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ivacy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /commandarms.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /buzzhand.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetonline.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /penchinese.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myav.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornsharing.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /openid.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falunworld.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unholyknight.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlesile.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /immoral.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cgst.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /directcreative.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /h-china.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /islamtoday.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jbtalks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /go.nesnode.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweetymail.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /discordapp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fffff.at/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tumutanzi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /behindkink.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dongyangjing.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /phncdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dfn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /talk853.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /x365x.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /beijingspring.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hut2.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crazyshit.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /s1s1s1.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avdb.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dotvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimestr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /2017.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hotvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /icfcdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shopping.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mullvad.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chubold.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cgdepot.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /desipro.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornerbros.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kzeng.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /paradisepoker.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /penisbot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freeilhamtohti.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /break.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitlonger.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbkz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tangben.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /inmediahk.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cienen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdninstagram.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /0914.global.ssl.fastly.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpn.cjb.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /feministteacher.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweettunnel.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sstmlt.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iptvbin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /raremovie.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /funp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xxxy.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ipfs.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /w3schools.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /berm.co.nz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flickr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duoweitimes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fucd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qvodzy.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hclips.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /porntvblog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freenewscn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tube8.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /catholic.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /socks-proxy.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweetbackup.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /material.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tma.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /to-porno.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shinychan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /delcamp.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sijihuisuo.club/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shadowsocks.asia/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dougscripts.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkreporter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sipml5.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /istiqlalhewer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chithu.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /braze.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gooddns.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetfund.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kodingen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mykomica.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /forum.mymaji.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /biantailajiao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkhrm.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /playboy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aol.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uberproxy.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /difangwenge.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /panamapapers.sueddeutsche.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibettimes.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vanemu.cn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greatfirewallofchina.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gaopi.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newspeak.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zamimg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ihakka.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cloudfunctions.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinacitynews.be/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xcafe.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kyohk.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /watchinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pride.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /archive.fo/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rmjdw132.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fpmt.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.fm/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /provideocoalition.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailamatrust.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mihr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /galstars.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gfsale.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unirule.cloud/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wezhiyong.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /change.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /top10vpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freegao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /officeoftibet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /globalmuseumoncommunism.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zh.bitterwinter.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liveleak.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zonghexinwen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /antiwave.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tracfone.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cenews.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sumrando.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinayouth.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nalandawest.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gamer.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /acmedia365.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mobatek.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twimg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.ws/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lobsangwangyal.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jinhai.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cling.omy.sg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alasbarricadas.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ufreevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /e-gold.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ocry.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /e-hentaidb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lzmtnews.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sadpanda.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falundafaindia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cattt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sockslist.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fireofliberty.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /g-queen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youtubegaming.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ntdtv.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mk5000.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sis.xxx/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hrweb.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbsmo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes.co.kr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /christiantimes.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /maizhong.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bloodshed.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ifreewares.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kechara.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dynssl.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spotify.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinterest.nl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shadow.ma/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myfreecams.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibethouse.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /frienddy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /luke54.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stboy.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /civicparty.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chengmingmag.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbtoystore.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /beeg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /galaxymacau.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cn.shafaqna.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onestore.co.kr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hugoroy.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /privatepaste.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdcparty.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freewallpaper4.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /videodetective.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zgzcjj.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1949er.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vft.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hka8964.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /v2ex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /june4commemoration.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ytimg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hk01.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hulkshare.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /popyard.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xys.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /233abc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twstar.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fzlm.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /steamcommunity.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /x24hr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /igmg.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liuxiaotong.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mimivv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tarr.uspto.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yes.xxx/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinterest.se/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /go-pki.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gclooney.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /junauza.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jfqu36.club/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /baramangaonline.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /5i01.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kobobooks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /monitorchina.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /discord.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /whodns.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /casadeltibetbcn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googleblog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iphonehacks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /october-review.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /janwongphoto.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unblock.cn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /allgirlmassage.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tapatalk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nicovideo.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sis001.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxypy.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /clipfish.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sex3.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tono-oka.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /soundofhope.kr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tafm.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rule34.xxx/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /westpoint.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tngrnow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /v2fly.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /carfax.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /udn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zinio.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinagfw.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /institut-tibetain.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lrfz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aojiao.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rarbgprx.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ftchinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /etadult.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /atchinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kineox.free.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetlibre.free.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailamavisit.org.nz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tn3.shemalez.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unblocker.yt/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /developers.box.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /juliereyc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /scramble.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hutong9.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /api-secure.recaptcha.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mattwilcox.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /joinmastodon.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lhasocialwork.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avoision.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /linuxtoy.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mist.vip/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freetcp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /got-game.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /popyard.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falungong.club/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /web2project.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdn1.lp.saboom.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /snowlionpub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /setn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /areca-backup.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /islamicpluralism.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkej.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.excite.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rsf.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yakbutterblues.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /latelinenews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tiny.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rxhj.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.tt/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /motiyun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hellouk.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xlfmtalk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rtycminnesota.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nzchinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ozchinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /centauro.com.br/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /exmo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /moegirl.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dyndns.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ipjetable.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /collateralmurder.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thaicn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tokyo-hot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wufi.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cbc.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /archives.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /guo.media/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sexhuang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /euronews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fling.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /warbler.iconfactory.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes.se/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fiddle.jshell.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /magic-net.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /renyurenquan.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /celestiallight.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /asdfg.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yandex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /imgchili.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /broadpressinc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /anti1984.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /etvonline.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chineseupress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freedomhouse.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bitvise.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /switchvpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.s4miniarchive.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /admin.recaptcha.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twittertim.es/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /persecutionblog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wexiaobo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mybet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mail-archive.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /faiththedog.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jizzthis.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cloakpoint.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /incapdns.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freeones.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /releaseinternational.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /homeperversion.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /compileheart.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /matome-plus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /inkui.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /timsah.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /deviantart.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yayabay.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /android-x86.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myddns.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dl-laby.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ncn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /voy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fileserve.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /echofon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mediachinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vraiesagesse.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlebot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bestpornstardb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /douhokanko.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /informer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googleinsidesearch.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /icams.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newyorktimes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meripet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freealim.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /memehk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xcritic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitpic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.vu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chromercise.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tcewf.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dolc.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pekingduck.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jamyangnorbu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.nationalgeographic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onthehunt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinese-hermit.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /azurewebsites.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /popvote.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /somee.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /play-asia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /impp.mn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unseen.is/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ssl443.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /piring.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dns-stuff.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /free.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stupidvideos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twaud.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twimbow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wsj.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /philly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdef.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /geek-art.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /facebook.se/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yahoo.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flickriver.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinafreepress.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blockcn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /36rain.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wenzhao.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /digitalnomadsproject.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huyandex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gradconnection.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /quora.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /easternlightning.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gospelherald.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blogspot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hotfrog.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pcanywhere.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /redhotlabs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falsefire.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /id.heroku.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goo.ne.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tnp.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bigfools.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wow-life.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fdc89.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sftuk.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /maiio.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /simpleproductivityblog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flgg.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bfsh.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dupola.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkacg.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sylfoundation.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /marxist.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uygur.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /donmai.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bettween.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hottg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /easypic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /casinoking.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gokbayrak.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /omnitalk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falunasia.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gcmasia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ddns.mobi/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dadi360.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /korenan2.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /akow.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /t-g.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dabr.mobi/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /panluan.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /himalayanglacier.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /steganos.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /feitian-california.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /streamingthe.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /castbox.fm/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xiaochuncnjp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /saintyculture.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /maruta.be/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wuyanblog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cointiger.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dogfartnetwork.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /h1n1china.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /naitik.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alldrawnsex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /breaking911.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /empfil.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crocotube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nordstrommedia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /emuparadise.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bt95.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hentaitube.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /axureformac.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /port25.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huhaitai.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /5aimiku.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yt.be/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /environment.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /idreamx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /artstation.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbs.qmzdd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /binance.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinaeweekly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pentoy.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /guangming.com.my/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ns01.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hecaitou.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eyny.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eastturkistangovernmentinexile.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tew.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /feer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /feitianacademy.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cnproxy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unitedsocialpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ecstart.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gaozhisheng.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taweet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greatzhonghua.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kwongwah.com.my/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cmcn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /larsgeorge.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.dev/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hqmovies.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tsu.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yuvutu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kanzhongguo.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /agro.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zaozon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xxxy.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitcause.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iuhrdf.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitvid.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /6parknews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kaotic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /venetianmacao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /livecoin.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tw01.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /i2runner.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bandwagonhost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ccue.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sexbot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kir.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /calgarychinese.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxylist.org.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nubiles.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wildammo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /futurechinaforum.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /baby-kingdom.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freefuckvids.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /palmislife.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /journalchretien.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailama.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /casino.williamhill.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dynamicdns.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fbaddins.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /grammaly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bayvoice.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /allconnected.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zeutch.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wangafu.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gettrials.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /schema.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yobt.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /facebookmail.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /archive.ph/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /filthdump.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /beric.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /am730.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /no-ip.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mpinews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www1.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /psblog.name/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ffvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googleplay.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mpfinance.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zpn.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pritunl.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /x-berry.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /truenas.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /doujincafe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newrelic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gelbooru.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /teensinasia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /idemocracy.asia/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /d-fukyu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falundafamuseum.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /faproxy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amtb-taipei.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jobso.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rlcdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jinpianwang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbthouston.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crucial.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /savemedia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kankan.today/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blinkx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinageeks.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xyy69.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /clearsurance.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thedalailamamovie.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /broadbook.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /morbell.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlearth.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /btspread.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iav19.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sohcradio.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /libraryinformationtechnology.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dharmakara.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /usmc.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javlibrary.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eastern-ark.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bnext.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ipoock.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.bg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /counter.social/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coinrail.co.kr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hidecloud.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fbworkmail.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nordvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetoffice.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /telegram.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /marxist.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nr-data.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /telecomspace.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dontfilter.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /morningsun.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dynu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ai-kan.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /s8forum.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newschinacomment.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /njuice.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /d2pass.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /miroguide.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rileyguide.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes.it/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eromon.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /asacp.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /porntubenews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jigsy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wanderinghorse.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cn6.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tabtter.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gekikame.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /definebabe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet-envoy.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /badjojo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /effers.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crossthewall.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hk-pub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mikocon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /owl.li/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kxsw.life/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /github.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /justicefortenzin.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shenyun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tinc-vpn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /home.so-net.net.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /naweeklytimes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /icoco.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /boxunblog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gotrusted.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /btbtav.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1pondo.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onmypc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xiaohexie.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dragonex.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goldbetsports.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /facebook.br/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ns01.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /picacomic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikileaks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aniscartujo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eeas.europa.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkcoc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanyouth.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shenshou.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hidden-advent.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /smchbooks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cfhks.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /4dq.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ff.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tmdb.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /turntable.fm/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hnjhj.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /franklc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kendincos.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /metroradio.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fail.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twistory.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mastodon.social/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /socialwhale.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qhigh.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javmobile.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /doctorvoice.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lers.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kun.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /toythieves.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /musicade.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.sh/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aiv-cdn.net.c.footprint.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /madewithcode.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /videomo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1000giri.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /static-economist.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /redditstatic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pki.goog/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /quannengshen.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hqsbonline.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ezua.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gizlen.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /listorious.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nytchina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /radiovaticana.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /premproxy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /deviantart.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tiltbrush.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /erktv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /suoluo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freetibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mimivip.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingpaovan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fanglizhi.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /frommel.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /icl-fi.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gabocorp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /exx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cfos.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xxx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /verybs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falunau.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /latibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /https443.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkchurch.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalianmeng.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /18board.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spicevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jiehua.cz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /apiary.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /linear-abematv.akamaized.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javtag.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fux.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alkasir.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /friendfinder.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hexieshe.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /atv-ext.amazon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rcinet.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kink.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /urlparser.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fillthesquare.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fuckcnnic.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /annatam.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vporn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /a771.dscq.akamai.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbpic.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ibvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gzone-anime.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goldwave.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qkshare.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lvhai.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amitabhafoundation.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gayhub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /devpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /makkahnewspaper.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingjingnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /koranmandarin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ntdtv.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /turbohide.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bigjapanesesex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coolaler.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ns01.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /npnt.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /djangosnippets.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freetibet.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /insecam.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinahush.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /costco.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkacg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /higfw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freenet-china.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pandavpn-jp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kmuh.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uocn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /disney-plus.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rebatesrule.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fb.watch/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nfjtyd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fengzhenghu.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kannewyork.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /from-pr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /readingtimes.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /api.pureapk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /videopediaworld.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /putihome.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freeman2.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /idsam.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eporner.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /allcoin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thedw.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetfocus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /clb.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twicountry.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /3tui.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mastodon.cloud/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fanqiangdang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /angularjs.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wallornot.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hrcir.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blogimg.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shenzhoufilm.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitter.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dns04.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jiruan.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdbook.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /2049bbs.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /v2ray.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vjmedia.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkgolden.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /arunachalforests.gov.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /money-link.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /leafyvpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yahoo.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.syx86.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /box.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kindleren.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /generated.photos/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ddns.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zenmate.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dwnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /igoogle.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ntdtv.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.klip.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spideroak.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eltondisney.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shooshtime.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xinmiao.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /isasecret.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /baijie.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flyvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chicagoncmtv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /getastrill.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /linux.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /minghui-school.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /online.recoveryversion.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /docs.cfw.lbyczf.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hi-on.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mitbbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpn.sv.cmu.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kagyu.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /daxa.cn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /home.sina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dunyabulteni.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /opus-gaming.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweetedtimes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lastcombat.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdn.seatguru.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /beijing1989.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gatecoin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ezpc.tk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wqyd.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sproxy.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gmiddle.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochweekly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hdtvb.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sciencenets.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlescholar.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iownyour.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gerefoundation.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /18board.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinesetalks.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /466453.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gartlive.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youdontcare.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /retweeteffect.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /erodoujinlog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbsone.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shattered.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mytizi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /metrohk.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greatroc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /discord.gg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.kangye.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /g.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pemulihan.or.id/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /enfal.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mike.cz.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shiatv.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liwangyang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mimiai.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ck101.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wtfpeople.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cathvoice.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news100.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fbsbx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /focusvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mos.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /audionow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailama.usc.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avdb.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oursogo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oculus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /e-classical.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ccthere.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zuo.la/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hackthatphone.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rlwlw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sakuralive.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /prism-break.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jandyx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nexon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetalk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /clementine-player.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /creaders.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /0rz.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /topbtc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /palacemoon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /clyp.it/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vocativ.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gvt1.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mypicture.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freewechat.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /phosphation13.rssing.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /boysmaster.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eastturkestan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wforum.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avgle.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ixquick.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /post01.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hdzog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /webpass.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yourlisten.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ok.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aolchannels.aol.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /casinobellini.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sinoants.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /solidaritetibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /korea.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ebookee.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpndada.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newcenturymc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avmoo.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /forum.sina.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ninth.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dynamicdns.org.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zodgame.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /x-wall.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitterkr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /niusnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mummysgold.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /listentoyoutube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wsj.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /agoogleaday.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /redballoonsolidarity.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /luke54.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freedominfonetweb.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kyofun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /merlinblog.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /registry.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kcoolonline.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stories.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /firebaseio.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /privacybox.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /waikeung.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /indiatimes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freeforums.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nextmedia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /postimg.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vmixcore.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yogichen.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ulop.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fc2cn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fochk.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huluim.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dpr.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /2008xianzhang.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /andygod.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /msa-it.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /voacantonese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wizcrafts.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /10musume.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /adsense.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ss.pythonic.life/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wha.la/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /businessweekly.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bit-z.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /catch22.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /foxsub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hongkongfp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mthruf.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /imagefap.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /luckydesigner.space/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lester850.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /threatchaos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dmcdn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stickam.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aplusvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /av.movie/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javzz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coobay.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coat.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochweek.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /carmotorshow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /138.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oversea.istarshine.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pao-pao.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yahoo.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweez.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinesenews.net.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /moby.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ait.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hautelookcdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chaoex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /888.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.cnyes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fangeqiang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /okayfreedom.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avbody.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nradio.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /faydao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /simplecd.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huping.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wattpad.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /civildisobediencemovement.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bod.asia/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greenfieldbookstore.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /city365.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /233v2.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpn4all.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /identi.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pokerstars.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hqjapanesesex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tianhuayuan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /keepandshare.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bidswitch.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /moodyz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tiananmenuniv.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crazys.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /engadget.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gdbt.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /firetweet.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ytht.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dumb1.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1991way.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hojemacau.com.mo/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gyalwarinpoche.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /itaboo.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tmpp.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myforum.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gardennetworks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wingy.site/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /archiveofourown.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sinocism.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rakuten.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uncyclomedia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bloomfortune.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rthklive2-lh.akamaihd.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hurgokbayrak.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tsctv.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thetibetpost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dropboxusercontent.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /telegram.dog/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkfreezone.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /whatsapp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kk-whys.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fxcm-chinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /emilylau.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /compress.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hklft.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /graphql.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bandpage.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jkb.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dafabet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /superpages.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oauth.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pengyulong.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sgwritings.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /exblog.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iownyour.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vietdaikynguyen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cobinhood.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /manicur4ik.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gatherproxy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /i-part.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /s-dragon.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /2-hand.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /paper.li/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sexandsubmission.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.no/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kompozer.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /grangorz.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gaoming.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oiktv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /igfw.tech/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /webbang.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /megarotic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amnyemachen.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newchen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /izihost.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cyberghostvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /deepdiscount.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkhrc.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /24smile.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wolfax.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /securityinabox.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qtrac.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /etowns.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gfbv.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikileaks.ch/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /etowns.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ofile.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mysite.verizon.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhongguotese.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gcpnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hanunyi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /im.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lsm.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /matters.news/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitonmsn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /karmapa-teachings.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lushstories.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.thechinastory.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /brucewang.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /videobam.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mmmca.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /asianspiss.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sugumiru18.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jdwsy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sex-11.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /reddit.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eroticsaloon.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /friends-of-tibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onmypc.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /usefreevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fengzhenghu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /makemymood.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myreadingmanga.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jjgirls.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /box.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /openvpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /64wiki.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kinokuniya.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /obutu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /apk-dl.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dizhuzhishang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cldr.unicode.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /enewstree.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newscn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /michaelmarketl.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1e100.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fhreports.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /favstar.fm/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /seehua.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /biantailajiao.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.sm/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mofaxiehui.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /d0z.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornhost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitchcdn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twelve.today/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinanewscenter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kaiyuan.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /85st.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oyax.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eic-av.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zacebook.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fanswong.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /matsushimakaede.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.ci/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dzze.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /daum.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /telegramdownload.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /usacn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hacg.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlevideo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdp1989.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /codeskulptor.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /64museum.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /redditlist.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /idiomconnection.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /facebook.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lighti.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shireyishunjian.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liangzhichuanmei.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hxwk.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hellotxt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /businessinsider.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freetibetanheroes.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dns.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /voachinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /okk.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /redditmedia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkzone.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinaaid.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gaozhisheng.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /storm.mg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lsd.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cccat.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youtubecn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetoffice.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /internetpopculture.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jkub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cutscenes.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /changp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /startuplivingchina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /30boxes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tn1.shemalez.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ecimg.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkwcc.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pioneer-worker.forums-free.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nytcn.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rfi.my/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ftv.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aiv-delivery.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /steganos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /derekhsu.homeip.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /premeforwindows7.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sneakme.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cynscribe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.es/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tangren.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /reuters.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iptv.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.be/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ct.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dynamicdns.me.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cipfg.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdn.registerdisney.go.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.gr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ruten.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hwayue.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fuyu.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /radicalparty.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdpeu.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /smith.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fangong.forums-free.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hung-ya.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lama.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goldeneyevault.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinagate.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /futuremessage.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flipboard.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /research.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javfor.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /casatibet.org.mx/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dns-dns.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mega.co.nz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /betvictor.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pbwiki.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /miniforum.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /singfortibet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /actimes.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /edoors.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uyghurstudies.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxy1.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhuichaguoji.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sjrt.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dit-inc.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /43110.cf/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hmv.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dfas.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /drmingxia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ivpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /singtao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xijie.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mayimayi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bangbrosnetwork.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hornytrip.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinterest.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sysresccd.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /himemix.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eastturkistan-gov.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flitto.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blip.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cafepress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duping.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkbookcity.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gopetition.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twilightsex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.singtao.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /finchvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /circlethebayfortibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /phapluan.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /archive.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /maildns.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkbf.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tubeislam.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /humanrightsbriefing.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ritter.vg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /andfaraway.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sidelinesnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twaitter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /riseup.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sports.williamhill.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /favotter.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cam4.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /book.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meyul.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fanhaodang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /perfectgirls.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wiki.gamerp.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnforgame.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /d2bay.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gsp.target.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /podictionary.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sun1911.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twilog.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pct.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /surrenderat20.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /66.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /embr.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ibiblio.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /manchukuo.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /staticflickr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vevo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /whichav.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goregrish.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinterest.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /karmapa.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /load.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spotflux.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /elpais.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.calibre-ebook.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freebearblog.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dojin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /line-scdn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /feifeiss.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /netbirds.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /getsocialscope.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.co.kr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /porntube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nextmag.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /angelfire.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuo8.fit/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dwheeler.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wiredbytes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freedl.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /atv-ps.amazon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /21pron.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /edicypages.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sharecool.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gr8name.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jyxf.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youporn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlecode.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /4mydomain.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /showbiz.omy.sg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nbtvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jigong1024.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /darktech.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /issuu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /faluninfo.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ddns.name/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhanbin.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newsdetox.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fullerconsideration.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amazon.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shkspr.mobi/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ecministry.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /brazzers.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /okex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mm-cg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /usno.navy.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ucdc1998.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /justtristan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kagyunews.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youversion.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huffingtonpost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /funf.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myftp.name/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /webrush.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tunsafe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tgstat.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pandapow.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bdsmvideos.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /141hongkong.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /creativelab5.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /juliepost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /norbulingka.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kobo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /facebook.nl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hdlt.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shutterstock.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /samair.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uighur.narod.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /boxunclub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twbbs.net.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.workflow.is/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sunta.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goldenfrog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sonidodelaesperanza.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /allervpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blackvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /link-o-rama.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nordstromrack.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /purepdf.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /soul-plus.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thywords.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cochina.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freedomhongkong.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuzaijidi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /prosiben.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gumroad.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /forum.cyberctm.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twtkr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /feedx.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mefeedia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /c100tibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /diigo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yeelou.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hongzhi.li/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /omgili.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /atgfw.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /peoplebookcafe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ocreampies.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /leirentv.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kiwi.kz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lastfm.es/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dyndns-ip.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kebrum.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /justfreevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nuuvem.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /12vpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yuanzhengtang.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /certificate.revocationcheck.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /teamamericany.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /w.wiki/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingpaonews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goodreaders.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /roodo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /windowsphoneme.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dorjeshugden.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ixxx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /islamhouse.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cn.thegay.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /themoviedb.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ssr.tools/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xmovies.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pandora.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hardsextube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tianti.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hootsuite.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myfreepaysite.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /localdomain.ws/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hacker.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wango.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shadowsocks.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sejie.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /deepmind.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.oxid.it/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /navyreserve.navy.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /otto.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falundafa-dc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /static01.nyt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /networkedblogs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /from-sd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1984bbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rukor.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /doub.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /av-e-body.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hurriyet.com.tr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cellulo.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cbtc.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fangmincn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hautelook.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinamule.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /keontech.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingpaosf.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkupop.hku.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sesawe.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pcstore.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /initiativesforchina.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xiezhua.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gaytube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dstk.dk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /network54.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cuiweiping.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nukistream.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unification.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /usmgtcg.ning.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ticket.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /azerbaycan.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /androidify.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qienkuen.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meetup.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /btku.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /moneyhome.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /boxun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rapidmoviez.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gutteruncensored.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /delicious.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pandora.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /media.nu.nl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taipeisociety.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ironpython.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /suroot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /juhuaren.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /izlesem.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oursteps.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fofg.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /photofocus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxfree.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /idlcoyote.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbsfeed.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /phptutorial.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vermonttibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hola.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cnyes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tiandixing.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gmodules.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pts.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iask.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /polymerhk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinesedaily.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nownews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thetibetmuseum.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freemoren.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /exmormon.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ironsocket.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuo8.space/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /k-doujin.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ntdtv.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /8z1.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /anontext.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nytco.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /toytractorshow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flnet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gamejolt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eulam.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /teck.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dupola.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /turansam.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liu-xiaobo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cochina.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bloglovin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greatfire.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /githubusercontent.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /namgyal.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /books.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /motor4ik.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /berlintwitterwall.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dollf.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myanniu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /joymiihub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lhakar.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javmoo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mirrormedia.mg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wufafangwen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twistar.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qoos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /af.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /farwestchina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /5isotoi5.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rangzen.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinalawandpolicy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aamacau.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /longtermly.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hacken.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /my903.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetsites.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinterest.at/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blogtd.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /belamionline.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /findmespot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /china21.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iask.bz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /netflix.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qpoe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet-initiative.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitterrific.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hyperrate.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /savetibet.nl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liaowangxizang.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikaba.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /puuko.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.pathtosharepoint.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dyndns.pro/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uyghur-j.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /minghuiyw.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /plus.codes/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freeproxylists.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freeoz.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hikinggfw.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mobileways.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /allgravure.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nlfreevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sinomontreal.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meridian-trust.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.tvbs.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mycnnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /moviefap.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /raremovie.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jinroukong.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /brainyquote.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /d1b183sg0nvnuh.cloudfront.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1989report.hkja.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shipcamouflage.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cuhkacs.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /underwoodammo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cacnw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ebtcbank.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tineye.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /linkideo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dcard.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nf.id.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /internetfreedom.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mh4u.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /doubmirror.cf/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huaxia-news.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /handcraftedsoftware.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zkiz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /martau.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /e-zone.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /azerimix.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /forum4hk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blogs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pds.nasa.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /notepad-plus-plus.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googleanalytics.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /giga-web.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ganges.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /facesofnyfw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /changsa.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /barton.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetancommunity.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ctao.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iredmail.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /art4tibet1998.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mymoe.moe/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tiktok.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.youxu.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oopsforum.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /po2b.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /golang.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /toypark.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mrbasic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /firstfivefollowers.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /geekerhome.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.sina.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hotgoo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hexxeh.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uhdwallpapers.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /s-cute.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wav.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /carryzhou.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nighost.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duga.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /otzo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /edmontonservice.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /2000fun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twipple.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /adcex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sino-monthly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /12vpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lamayeshe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gate.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lookpic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /minzhuzhongguo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gigacircle.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkci.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /radioaustralia.net.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /livingstream.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes-bg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tchrd.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /udn.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /postadult.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tiananmenduizhi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zkaip.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /magazines.sina.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /piraattilahti.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.ranxiang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /t.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cartoonmovement.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /riku.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /demo.opera-mini.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /facebook.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sorting-algorithms.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornhubdeutsch.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goodtv.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /logbot.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /killwall.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googledrive.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornhub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jeanyim.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /barenakedislam.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mychinese.news/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cablegatesearch.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hongmeimei.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /winwhispers.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rtalabel.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falungong.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /laqingdan.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thetrotskymovie.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gamer2-cds.cdn.hinet.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freeviewmovies.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /woopie.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /himalayan-foundation.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /3a5a.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kalachakralugano.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /geocities.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /giantessnight.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /secretsline.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zeronet.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bwsj.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /site90.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /heeact.edu.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wiki.keso.cn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shambhalasun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbs.kimy.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pdetails.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpninja.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cn.fmnnow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbsdigest.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www2.ohchr.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /appledaily.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /anonymizer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /apps.evozi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wowhead.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cchere.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanliberation.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tistory.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /banana-vpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /army.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /windscribe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stoporganharvesting.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gfgold.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dw-world.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fc2china.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /s1heng.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /helpster.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /player.fm/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kurashsultan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /softsmirror.cf/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /trickip.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pullfolio.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /porn2.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /heix.pp.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /truthontour.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /images-gaytube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuo8.blue/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetwrites.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dontmovetochina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unblocksit.es/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /techviz.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duckduckgo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bwgyhw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /about.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /m.plixi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /soundofhope.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ieasy5.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fw.cm/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /highpeakspureearth.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /exchristian.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liangyou.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kurtmunger.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xgmyd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oyghan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /djorz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /geekheart.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ss.levyhsu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freehongkong.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cherrysave.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /moonbbs.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wpoforum.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /baixing.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ns2.name/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kingstone.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.fizzik.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /btdigg.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /apkmonk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nrk.no/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /secretchina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /daylife.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thehots.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nzchinese.net.nz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /api.tenor.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /igcd.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thinkingtaiwan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lsmchinese.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ventureswell.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /picturedip.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fuckgfw.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /faith100.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /plm.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greatfirewall.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greatroc.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /idouga.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /a248.e.akamai.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /demosisto.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cmx.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xfm.pp.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnaccount.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wwitv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ihao.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zannel.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gnci.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /forum.tvb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /savethedate.foo/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /voagd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /furl.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nanyangpost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mobypicture.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lovetvshow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /imagezilla.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hidemy.name/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /conoha.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pin-cong.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dnscrypt.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ftpserver.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /renminbao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uchicago.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /disqus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yasni.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xlfmwz.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stepchina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /anpopo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nowtorrents.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nutaku.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /99cn.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ancsconf.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ctitv.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rosechina.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dictionary.goo.ne.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myactimes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /efreenews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.fuckgfw233.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fulue.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /advanscene.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goproxing.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mamingzhe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alternate-tools.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eastturkistancc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1mobile.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mixero.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aol.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /catfightpayperview.xxx/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /expecthim.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /clarionproject.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rainbowplan.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twit2d.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /apkdler.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dailymail.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uvwxyz.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinesegay.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /x1949x.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newlandmagazine.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /svsfx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eraysoft.com.tr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lihkg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avmoo.pw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /buugaa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /suyangg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /7capture.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sspanel.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /3d-game.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nuexpo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /my-private-network.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /junefourth-20.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /17t17p.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nakido.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornhd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chenshan20042005.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vaticannews.va/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /networktunnel.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /admob.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dtic.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gooday.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /orientaldaily.com.my/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cleansite.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /anobii.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xn--90wwvt03e.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /busu.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /videomega.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xn--oiq.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xn--i2ru8q2qg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xxuz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kik.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xn--czq75pvv1aj5c.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ismalltits.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flecheinthepeche.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xn--4gq171p.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wealth.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gvt3.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /appshopper.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /daiphapinfo.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chenguangcheng.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbsn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /catbox.moe/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pcij.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lingualeo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /linkuswell.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mercari.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fatakat-n.club/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sosreader.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eksisozluk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qiangwaikan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oricon.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /melon365.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /citizenpowerforchina.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /anonymise.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /picidae.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /joachims.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /justpaste.it/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbjyt.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /v.roucdn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hjd2048.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rojo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /substack.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /indsr.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /icij.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /matainja.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /astrill.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tvbs.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rangzen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sproutcore.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /toonel.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vinniev.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jav777.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /udndata.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /askstudent.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkjc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twtr2src.ogaoga.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avmo.pw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greatfire.us7.list-manage.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mirrormedia.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /inside.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikimedia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cms.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tgfcer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /githubmemory.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /binance.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /icerocket.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pixiv.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /truesocial.media/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goo.gle/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /getgom.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /waltermartin.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.lamenhu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinterest.co.kr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onmypc.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xhcdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xiaobaiwu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rixcloud.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hotav.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /steemit.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gdaily.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lsxszzg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cex.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ipinfo.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greenpeace.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xkiwi.tk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /theync.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /addictedtocoffee.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /workerdemo.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdnews.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /worldpopulationreview.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /6do.news/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vyprvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fulione.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /openbase.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greasespot.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sockscap64.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhujiget.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fast.wistia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkbc.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sspanel.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /deja.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twt.tl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /versavpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cumlouder.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avaaz.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /momoshop.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /godsdirectcontact.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rocketcdn.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wireguard.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shopee.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ordns.he.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /phmsociety.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bitcoinworld.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thepiratebay.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hdsky.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /7cow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taconet.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /velkaepocha.sk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /perfectvpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /soh.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /github.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newsancai.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /geph.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iconpaper.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cmoinc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tu8964.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hrtsea.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xxxfuckmom.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /appspot-preview.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bithumb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /secureservercdn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /macts.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /2047.name/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crrev.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hitomi.la/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hostloc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /genius.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gravatar.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /heungkongdiscuss.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /washeng.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /atc.org.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /asianews.it/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /redhat.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twiggit.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cloudflare.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ns02.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /c-span.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /china5000.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tumblr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cointobe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /foxnewsplayer-a.akamaihd.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /e-hentai.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.ycombinator.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /godns.work/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /skimresources.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ampproject.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wangruoshui.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wearehairy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mypop3.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flyzy2005.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nbcnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dafagood.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /equinenow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alforattv.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mosucloud.site/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /studentsforafreetibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /deezer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /totalvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bot.nu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tanc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stweetly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nga.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newipnow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vegasred.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /figprayer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /imageab.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thepiratebay.ee/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ibytedtos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nypost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /travelinkcard.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /evchk.wikia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yousendit.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /webevader.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /line.naver.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cq99.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /opml.radiotime.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dabr.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /webfreer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bannednews.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /expekt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /knowyourmeme.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pastie.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /time.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xtube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lala.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /share.america.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ctwant.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /memes.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /saveliuxiaobo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /getfreedur.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /feedly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnhq.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gnews.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bwh1.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /starfishfx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /v2mm.tech/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /left21.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /extrabux.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /emulefans.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sfshibao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /g.kfd.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wiki.kfd.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dynawebinc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinasmile.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duyaoss.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dssott.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbtemple.org.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /phprcdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /porn5.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mytalkbox.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /justmysocks.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /suppig.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javdb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mydati.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sleazydream.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fdc64.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkhkhk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dnset.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetcorps.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pems.dot.ca.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /antichristendom.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /holymountaincn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rsf-chinese.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /philborges.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wenyunchao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /app.cloudcone.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myiphider.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /leisurecafe.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /playpcesor.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jable.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /puffin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zsdxzk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /privatetunnel.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nchrd.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tcsovi.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /biggo.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /parts.blog.livedoor.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /clips4sale.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dotgov.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nhk-ondemand.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uni.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rakuten.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /busayari.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /localbitcoins.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ocsp.int-x3.letsencrypt.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /towngain.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /helpeachpeople.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pttgame.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /skyxvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /see.xxx/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goliathguitartutorials.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xvideos-cdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornbest.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tiktokcdn-us.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /recordhistory.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yourlust.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /muscdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /musical.ly/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /is-a-hunter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mcreasite.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unification.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kone.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /byteoversea.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /whatsapp.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /h5galgame.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinamz.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hst.net.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zootool.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uwants.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sesawe.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hstt.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zuobiao.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zsrhao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /viber.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /koolsolutions.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zoho.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yam.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zzcartoon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zoogvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vizvaz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zonghexinwen.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zomobo.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dns05.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zmw.cn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /webjb.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ziporn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /acmetoy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ziddu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinesedemocracy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /m-team.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhuatieba.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pbworks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhoushuguang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhongguorenquan.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhongguo.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /minzhuhua.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /karayou.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /inote.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proyectoclubes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhinengluyou.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhenxiang.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twifan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinayuanmin.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhenlibu1984.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhenlibu.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /six-degrees.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhengjian.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhenghui.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lamnia.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitbrowser.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhangtianliang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhangboli.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zgsddh.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zfreet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zenmate.com.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cam4.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zengjinyan.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /softwarebychuck.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zello.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /h-moe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkvwet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cna.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zdnet.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdig.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zaobao.com.sg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinesepen.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fleshbot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zalmos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /slideshare.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rapidvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pandapow.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yzzk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /efcc.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.sina.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xskywalker.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yx51.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liquidvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /referer.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gongm.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xianba.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ywpw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xskywalker.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /psiphontoday.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yuntipub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crbug.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.gg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /asiatoday.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetsociety.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /18p2p.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /whyx.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /torrentproject.se/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yuanming.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailamafellows.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youshun12.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /topic.youthwant.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /guancha.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /share.youthwant.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinatopsex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.youthwant.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youthnetradio.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dw.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yourprivatevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yourepeat.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /your-freedom.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uploaded.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youngspiration.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youngpornvideos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /slyip.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ptt.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youjizz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youxu.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yomiuri.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /minghui-b.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yolasite.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jackjia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikinews.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stileproject.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /roadshow.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailamaworld.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yinlei.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /skyking.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yipub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yingsuoss.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xa.yimg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yilubbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ninjaproxy.ninja/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yidio.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yibaochina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yhcw.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yeyeclub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /economist.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /edupro.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yespornplease.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /51luoben.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wiktionary.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdp2006.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javmoo.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lpsg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yesasia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yes123.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.imdb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sinonet.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.tablesgenerator.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /printfriendly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iuksky.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yegle.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hk32168.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /site2unblock.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /evschool.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ccim.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yeeyi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yecl.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hhdcb3office.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ydy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yangjianli.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbs.huasing.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yanghengjun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetswiss.ch/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bangdream.space/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rthk.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /moeerolibrary.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zoozle.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /btku.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sspro.ml/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yam.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vjav.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xyy69.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /facebook.hu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stephaniered.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweetboard.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /allmovie.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mediafreakcity.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwantp.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xxxymovies.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /abc.net.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wheatseeds.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jieshibaobao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /facebook.design/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vrsmash.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /expressvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tcsofbc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hanminzu.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdpwu.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /i-scmp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xxxx.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gongminliliang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xxx.xxx/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cn2.streetvoice.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xxbbx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myeasytv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xvideos.es/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xvideos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /debug.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xvideo.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xuchao.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hotshame.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitturly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zynamics.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xuzhiyong.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xuite.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twyac.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bewww.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tunnelbear.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xpud.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dafahao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pipii.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /m.hkgalden.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sunskyforum.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xnxx-cdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tascn.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xnxx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /npa.go.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xml-training-guide.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xjtravelguide.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xjp.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xiuren.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mesotw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google-analytics.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hrcchina.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twibbon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /depositphotos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /whippedass.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onion.city/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xiongpian.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /orn.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /contests.twilio.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xinhuanet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.ajsands.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xing.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /forum.xinbao.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xihua.es/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xiaoma.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /israbox.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /91vps.club/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /srocket.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bell.wiki/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sijihuisuo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /firstpost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /clinica-tibet.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xianqiao.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ignitedetroit.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xianjian.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bb-chat.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aiweiweiblog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /forum.slime.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xianchawang.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xhamster.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /destiny.xfiles.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xerotica.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bamgrid.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xcity.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.pentalogic.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /atlanta168.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xbabe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xanga.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /csuchen.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /x-art.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /picacomiccn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /china-mmm.jp.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iblist.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /milph.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wukangrui.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /atlaspost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wujieliulan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shixiao.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /orient-doll.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /9bis.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wtbn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wsjhk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.co.id/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wretch.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ninjacloak.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wrchina.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /woyaolian.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /slyip.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /savetibet.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wowgirls.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wowlegacy.ml/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lotsawahouse.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sujiatun.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falundafa-florida.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /casinoriva.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wo3ttt.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /city9x.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jobnewera.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nobodycanstop.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /static.shemalez.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iipdigital.usembassy.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /islamawareness.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mywww.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkanews.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /scieron.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinaview.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.ae/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /worldvpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /worldjournal.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /worldcat.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /comefromchina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /workersthebig.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /boomssr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /workerempowerment.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falundafa.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /workatruna.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iphonix.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gwtproject.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jingsim.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkip.org.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ibtimes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /woopie.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /etokki.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freechina.news/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /woolyss.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fanqiangyakexi.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /abc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwantt.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wnacg.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /longhair.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wnacg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dvorak.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /toutiaoabc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vijayatemple.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /getiton.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /witopia.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /witnessleeteaching.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wisdompubs.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wiredpen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /winning11.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twisternow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /willw.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetaction.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikiwiki.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikivoyage.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /softether-download.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.sinchew.com.my/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bcchinese.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikiquote.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yesasia.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sourceforge.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikisource.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /top.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mediawiki.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikidata.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wahas.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /simbolostwitter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikipedia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yobt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iphonetaiwan.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikiwand.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hola.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aiv-cdn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinterest.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikilivres.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /media-amazon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /collateralmurder.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /williamhill.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cn.streetvoice.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.powerpointninja.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikileaks.pl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /trimondi.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /api.ai/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikileaks.lu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nationwide.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /api.recaptcha.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikileaks.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikileaks.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googleearth.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /trialofccp.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ezpeer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /highrockmedia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tn2.shemalez.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yulghun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bnn.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /whylover.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /advertfan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /whotalking.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.skype.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /netsneak.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /episcopalchurch.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /whoer.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stoptibetcrisis.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /adult-sex-games.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pythonhackers.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mega.nz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /btsynckeys.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kyzyhello.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wetplace.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wetpussygames.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /4rbtv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flog.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goagentplus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /westernwolves.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /westca.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wenxuecity.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freedomsherald.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wenweipo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuo8.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kinghost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /feelssh.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thetvdb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thegioitinhoc.vn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /domain.club.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wenhui.ch/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /psiphon.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wengewang.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wengewang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /scache.vzw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /comic-mega.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wemigrate.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huangyiyu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /madthumbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /weisuo.ws/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /upholdjustice.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /englishforeveryone.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /christianfreedom.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /weiming.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /weihuo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /weiboleak.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wefong.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hku.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /beijingzx.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbs.tuitui.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tosh.comedycentral.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /webworkerdaily.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nvtongzhisheng.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /localpresshk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avidemux.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.websnapr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /daidostup.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /websitepulse.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /webs-tv.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fringenetwork.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zippyshare.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hudatoriq.web.id/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wearn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wdf5.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /c-spanvideo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blingblingsquad.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /naughtyamerica.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bird.so/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zapto.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mymom.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /watch8x.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greenvpn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cftfc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pchome.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /makzhou.warehouse333.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cccat.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /matome-plus.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dsmtp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pastebin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cyberghost.natado.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /loved.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tw.voa.mobi/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wapedia.mobi/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /want-daily.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.wangruowang.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /diaoyuislands.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /s-nbcnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mgstage.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wanglixiong.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mybbs.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /idaiwan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /heqinglian.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wangjinbo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gts-vpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.wan-press.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gitmemory.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /prayforchina.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /waltermartin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mychinanet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pscp.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wallpapercasa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wallmama.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /faceless.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wailaike.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /protonvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /waigaobu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /waffle1999.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /web.dev/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vuku.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /slaytizle.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vtunnel.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ka-wai.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /quitccp.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /securitykiss.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnworldwide.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sugarsync.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnunlimitedapp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /doubibackup.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpntunnel.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnpick.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /html5rocks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thefrontier.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnshieldapp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ultravpn.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tw.streetvoice.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlesyndication.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vegas.williamhill.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnreviewz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ifan.cz.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnreactor.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fingerdaily.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnpronet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnsp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnjack.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnintouch.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iamtopone.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /upwill.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mikesoltys.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dbc.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ygto.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnintouch.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnmentor.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnmaster.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpngratis.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bettervpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpngate.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /teeniefuck.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpngate.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /https443.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnfires.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /api.dropboxapi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thestandnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkday.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /extmatrix.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetheritagefund.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnfan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freevpn.nl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ilove80.be/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpncoupons.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pushchinawall.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huiyi.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /backchina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /media.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkdf.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nintendium.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nat.moe/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpncomparison.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dtdns.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingpaony.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jitouch.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpn.ac/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /voxer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /peopo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hstern.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vot.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /orzistic.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /voatibetan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kagyu.org.za/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /voachineseblog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /css.pixnet.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mychinamyhome.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbsland.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vnet.link/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vllcs.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vivthomas.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vivatube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /paste.ee/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vivahentai4u.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /viu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /visibletweets.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /virtualrealporn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fofldfradio.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.lib.virginia.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javfree.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vincnd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vimperator.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vimeocdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greenpeace.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twiyia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vidinfo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bestvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /videopress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mediafire.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /glass8.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /canyu.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /familyfed.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vid.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /breakgfw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ipobar.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vica.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zspeeder.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /veoh.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /faluninfo.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /venchina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /a-normal-day.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /imb.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /venbbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /smartdnsproxy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xiaod.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fgmtv.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vansky.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /livestation.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vanilla-jp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /van698.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hrw.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fourface.nodesnoop.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /maturejp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uptodown.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /erights.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uymaarip.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uyghurpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uyghurcongress.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /prozz.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dphk.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dajiyuan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greatfirewallofchina.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkcnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ltn.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uyghurcanadiansociety.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uyghuramerican.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinasocialdemocraticparty.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uyghur.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /penchinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zvereff.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uu-gg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pureconcepts.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googleusercontent.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gaybubble.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /utopianpal.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /usus.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wallproxy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tsdr.uspto.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mysecondarydns.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /usocctn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /findbook.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jiepang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /multiupload.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hqsbnet.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /usaip.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /us.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /urlborg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sjum.cn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /slickvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tor.cn.uptodown.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uproxy.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ift.tt/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /upornia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mash.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /upmedia.mg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youpai.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taolun.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onesto.re/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spring4u.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinapress.com.my/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /untraceable.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ns02.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unpo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /politicalconsultation.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unodedos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unknownspace.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unix100.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tiktokcdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fooooo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zyxel.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /parler.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinadigitaltimes.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /umich.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /boysfood.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ultraxs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tpi.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iyouport.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ulike.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uighurbiz.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /megurineluka.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uhrp.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ourtv.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pximg.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shapeservices.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uforadio.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinatweeps.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /udnbkk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jqueryui.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uderzo.it/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /china.ucanews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ifjc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cmi.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /srcf.ucam.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yahoosandbox.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uc-japan.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ubddns.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /u9un.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gamez.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xinyubbs.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blogs.tampabay.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /legaltech.law.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /konachan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /putlocker.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /typepad.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /paltalk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /revleft.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /boyfriendtv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /txxx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /63i.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jiji.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twskype.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twnorth.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vimeo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cn.voa.mobi/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /51jav.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /famunion.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /code.jquery.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twittermail.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fakku.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /la-forum.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twittergadget.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitterfeed.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ladbrokes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twittercounter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jetos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitter4j.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /skyvegas.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twttr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ntdtv.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qanote.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /turbotwitter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweepguide.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /procopytips.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sherabgyaltsen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitoaster.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lecloud.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hopedialogue.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /naol.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitiq.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /whereiswerner.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitgoo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /imlive.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /joinclubhouse.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /globaljihad.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /guishan.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /carabinasypistolas.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coolder.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /community.windy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alphaporno.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twisterio.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /4irc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twishort.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twip.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tinypaste.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinatown.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twicsy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twibs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /co.ng.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twibase.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onedrive.live.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /6parker.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twgreatdaily.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dajiyuan.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fuq.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweetwally.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweetree.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gobet.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /biblesforamerica.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweetphoto.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweetmylast.fm/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dropbox.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /have8.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mtw.tl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /deck.ly/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ned.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /njactb.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweetboner.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /summify.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gate-project.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweepml.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /now.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twbbs.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /timdir.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /indiemerch.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twavi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twapperkeeper.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qusi8.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tw-blog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet-munich.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kenengba.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hklts.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tvunetworks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /seesmic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /adultfriendfinder.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bullog.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tvmost.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falun-ny.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tvboxnow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nko.navy.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwannews.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /slutmoonbeam.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /enanyang.my/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitmania.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinainperspective.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /unblock-us.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /app.tutanota.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tushycash.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /piposay.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /solarsystem.nasa.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuitwit.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.as/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /appledaily.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lsmwebcast.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mswe1.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuo8.pw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liuxiaobo.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sydneytoday.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuo8.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuo8.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuo8.club/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /abc.pp.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tunnelr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cnnews.chosun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tunein.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /webwarper.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /weekmag.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /razyboard.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /looktoronto.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /straplessdildo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /facesoftibetanselfimmolators.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /searchtruth.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freessh.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /50webs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuidang.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rangwang.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tubewolf.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitch.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /helloandroid.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tubestack.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbc.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chromeenterprise.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /updates.tdesktop.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwancon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /moroneta.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eu.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tube911.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blueangellive.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /purevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rocket-inc.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wowrk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ra.gg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tt1069.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fpmt.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /murmur.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xm.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1eew.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tsunagarumon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tsquare.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /martsangkagyuofficial.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rferl.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ipfire.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /retweetrank.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /playboyplus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /noodlevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bjnewlife.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /x.company/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /edubridge.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /swissinfo.ch/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cn-proxy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /akiba-online.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /python.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /trouw.nl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikileaks.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /panoramio.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.kz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /china101.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cctongbao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hidein.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /china21.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /daliulian.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hwadzan.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mycanadanow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /transparency.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ninecommentaries.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /traffichaus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlefiber.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /guaguass.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ocaspro.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /skybet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /torrenty.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shiksha.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sustainability.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lianyue.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /torrentprivacy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /torproject.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /in.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gmail.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bt2mag.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /torcn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tora.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /toptip.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /topsy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /topshareware.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ccue.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikiversity.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chingcheong.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goofind.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /torguard.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /toppornsites.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /elgoog.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /idv.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /topnews.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /htkou.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /top81.ws/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qxbbs.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /italiatibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sis001.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wlx.sowiki.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tw.tomonews.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tokyocn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tokyo-247.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gyatsostudio.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /togetter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tngrnow.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tnaflix.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ns02.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdn.helixstudios.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlepagecreator.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /efukt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ozvoice.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /inxian.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fc2.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tmagazine.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /androidplus.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tkcs-collins.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flurry.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbs.skykiwi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /juoaa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twiffo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /my03.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mondex.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kanshifang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /swissvpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ddhw.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tinychat.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanbuddhistinstitute.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /daolan.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tintuc101.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.tiney.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shellfire.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twbbs.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /quantumbooter.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /library.usc.cuhk.edu.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sm-miracle.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /red-lang.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freelotto.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bjs.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.am/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /com.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gati.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetsupportgroup.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sugobbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetsun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yunchao.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetpolicy.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetoralhistory.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetonline.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetoffice.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /store.steampowered.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /squirly.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hxwq.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /supchina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetoffice.ch/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetnetwork.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /anyporn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /free-ss.site/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /earthvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /upload4u.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sambhota.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetinfonet.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myspace.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibethouse.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibethouse.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibethaus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetgermany.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetgermany.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet3rdpole.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youtube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sheikyermami.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetexpress.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetchild.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetcharity.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /24hrs.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /post852.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanwomen.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetansports.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanreview.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /snapchat.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blinw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanphotoproject.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bcmorning.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanculture.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hidemycomp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /muzi.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetancommunityuk.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twibble.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bx.in.th/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetcollection.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanlanguage.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goldjizz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanjournal.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /relay.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bb.ttv.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chenpokong.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetan.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mycould.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnsecure.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /danke4china.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vip-enterprise.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.sogoo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spem.at/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet-house-trust.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /co.ao/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dynu.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet-foundation.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinaxchina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sopcast.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freewww.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /reflectivecode.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cachinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nflxext.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freefq.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huaren.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /juyuange.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gotgeeks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet.nu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /t35.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bnews.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tiantibooks.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /focustaiwan.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tiananmenuniv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /buddhanet.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tiananmenmother.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thywords.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thumbzilla.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /throughnightsfire.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freebrowser.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bfnn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thongdreams.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cleansite.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nuvid.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mymediarom.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zattoo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cclife.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uploaded.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /disp.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /urchin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hmonghot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /geocities.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thevivekspot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /extremetube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thetinhat.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thetibetconnection.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /budaedu.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hasi.wang/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hd.stheadline.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /android.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /domainhelp.search.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sopcast.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sulian.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gloryhole.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thespeeder.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thereallove.kr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /theportalwiki.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /assets.bwbx.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mohu.rocks/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thenewslens.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cnn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thehun.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thehousenews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /openleaks.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thegly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cpj.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thewgo.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /post76.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /feedburner.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thebcomplex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornvisit.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /edns.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /theblemish.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.co.ma/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /theatrum-belli.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tenzinpalmo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tenacy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www2.rocketbbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /telegraph.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tdm.com.mo/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ksnews.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amazonaws.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rotten.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fangbinxing.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /globalvoicesonline.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /assembla.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tcpspeed.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tccwonline.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /partycasino.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbswd.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ggssl.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbssqh.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbsmalaysia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbskkinabalu.page.tl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbsec.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onmypc.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbs-rainbow.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rti.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /roucdn.link/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbicn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbi.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taup.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.taragana.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /izaobao.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /use.fontawesome.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tamiaode.tk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /talkonly.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /talkcc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /brizzly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ourdearamy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /snaptu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /showhaotu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.taiwanonline.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwanncf.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwannation.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinaelections.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwannation.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hiitch.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.mn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iddddg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwanjustice.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwandc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tubecup.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /10.tt/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwanbible.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /martincartoons.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tagwalk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /heyzo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taedp.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /msguancha.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.at/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taaze.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taa-usa.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sharpdaily.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /t66y.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /monster.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /instagram.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ebook.hyread.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdn.softlayer.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /szbbs.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.syx86.cn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /syncback.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuo8.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /offbeatchina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dailymotion.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkptu.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bestvpnusa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /surfeasy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /av.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinagonet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /suprememastertv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mlzs.work/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freewww.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falun-co.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wuw.red/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sunvpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sunmedia.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sunporno.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /busytrade.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnvip.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /skimtube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stumbleupon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hungerstrikeforaids.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /strongwindpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /strikingly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnshazam.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ecfa.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bloglines.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nyt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stranabg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /5maodang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /18virginsex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stormmediagroup.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /btaia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wanz-factory.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /anonymouse.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlesource.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /storify.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /storagenewsletter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /buffered.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbs-tw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yizhihongxing.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stickeraction.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /incredibox.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gojet.krtco.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /6parkbbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ny.stgloballink.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /steel-storm.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ismaelan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /startpage.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /starp2p.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /guaguass.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /usinfo.state.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eastturkistan.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stanford.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stage64.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /4everproxy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /apigee.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /safety.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bet365.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ssrshare.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ssh91.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ssglobal.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /buddhistchannel.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rsgamen.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ss-link.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /7mmtv.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes.cz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /islahhaber.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetkomite.dk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spendee.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spencertipping.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet-info.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cosplayjav.pl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /globalvoices.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /speedify.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /speakerdeck.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spankwire.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ikwb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.ro/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sexidude.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spankingtube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /china-review.com.ua/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /badiucao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /getsync.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tongil.or.kr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uyghurensemble.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /david-kilgour.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dssott.com.akamaized.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /abchinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /southnews.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikibooks.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /free-hada-now.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /soundcloud.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /soulcaliburhentai.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /soubory.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myiphide.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /glock.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /arlingtoncemetery.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbs.sou-tong.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sos.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duck.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gu-chu-sum.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sorazone.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uraban.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aomiwang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sonicbbs.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /songjianjun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /scache1.vzw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rfamobile.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lamrim.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lenwhite.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sidelinessportseatery.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinese.soifind.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sohfrance.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /anchorfree.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cotweet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /breakingtweets.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sobees.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aiweiwei.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sostibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /reutersmedia.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cams.org.sg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sokmil.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /great-firewall.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bnrmetal.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sogclub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /openervpn.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gitbooks.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mrslove.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dayabook.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crisisresponse.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /citytalk.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sbs.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailamainaustralia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sod.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /libertytimes.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shadowsocks9.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /organcare.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /itshidden.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxyanonimo.es/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /animeshippuuden.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /limiao.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avfantasy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coinut.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huobi.pro/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bunbunhk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sndcdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwanyes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /readydown.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ritouki.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /globalmediaoutreach.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gogotunnel.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kspcoin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanpoliticalreview.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /smyxy.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /smhric.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /smh.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /git.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /app.smartmailcloud.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /efksoft.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mrtweet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /facebook.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vcfbuilder.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbci.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /slutload.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /washingtonpost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javhd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /calgarychinese.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myshare.url.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /slinkset.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /im88.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /slheng.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /m.slandr.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yvesgeleyn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nytstyle.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freevpn.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /democrats.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alarab.qa/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /incloak.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dragonsprings.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /d3rhr7kgmtrq1v.cloudfront.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gfw.org.ua/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /successfn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fuyindiantai.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fromchinatousa.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /raizoji.or.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wefightcensorship.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /2waky.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /i1.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /readmoo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /siteks.uk.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /data-vocabulary.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sitebro.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bodog88.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /etools.ncol.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tonyyan.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sierrafriendsoftibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /grotty-monday.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sinoquebec.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sinopitt.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /forum.omy.sg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /drsunacademy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /streema.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cctmweb.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbcchinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /singpao.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aolnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /asianwomensfilm.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /singaporepools.com.sg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sinchew.com.my/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwanyes.ning.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.sina.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /revver.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bowenpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freeddns.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ntrfun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /journalofdemocracy.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jmscult.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dailynews.sina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yyii.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /allfinegirls.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbs.sina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /usunitednews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /openvpn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ngensis.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /silkbook.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /in99.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nic.cz.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.nu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vcf-online.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /whatblocked.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /free-proxy.cz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /szetowah.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cclife.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /siddharthasintent.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falundafa-pa.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shwchurch3.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shwchurch.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /old.honeynet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nordstrom.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /my.pcloud.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /adpl.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /helloqueer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bestforchina.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /me.youthwant.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /e-traderland.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwanus.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /japan-whores.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinaaid.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /paperb.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cbsnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shop2000.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bangchen.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aofriend.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /saiq.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wujie.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hnntube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liudejun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /artofpeacefoundation.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shicheng.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kagyumonlam.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bigsound.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /igvita.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /civiliangunner.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /changeip.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /21sextury.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huayuworld.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amigobbs.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gamer-cds.cdn.hinet.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shenyunperformingarts.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /echainhost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /usfk.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /exrates.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ipicture.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lsmradio.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /quoracdn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1984bbs.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sharpdaily.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dscn.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /club1069.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greenparty.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdpa.url.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingpaocanada.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googleartproject.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bitfinex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /game735.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sharebee.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinaaid.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /read100.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shambalapost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dushi.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googleideas.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dynamic-dns.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shadowsocks-r.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ipredator.se/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hacg.red/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javzoo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shadowsocks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /opendemocracy.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shadowsky.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /puffstore.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bitsnoop.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shadeyouvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bestvpnserver.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hahlo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thechinabeat.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /medium.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /geti2p.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlecommerce.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.sn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbs.cantonese.asia/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fgmtv.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fqrouter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /4bluestones.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sfileydy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fzh999.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /businessweek.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fotile.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sf.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sextvx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sexinsex.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hrea.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bcex.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falungong.org.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhreader.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sexhu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xn--ngstr-lra8j.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hhthesakyatrizin.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /buzzhand.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /al-qimmah.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fc2web.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sex8.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /faithfuleye.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ied2k.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gfw.press/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /macrovpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /secure.raxcdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sevenload.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /settv.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /acnw.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ebookbrowse.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zuola.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bcrncdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /seraph.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /madonna-av.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /girlbanker.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinarightsia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sendsmtp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sftindia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bitmex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crchina.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /galenwu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /deutsche-welle.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /almostmy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /acgkj.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vrmtr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fangong.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /securetunnel.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /plusbb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hotels.cn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /webrtc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /realraptalk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ebony-beauty.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lvv2.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /suissl.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dropbooks.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thetibetcenter.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mnewstv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /askynz.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /scriptspot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1bao.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myspacecdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aculo.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /scmpchinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /scmp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ifanqiang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdp1998.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blewpass.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /botanwang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /files2me.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /scasino.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /betfair.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /briian.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /caobian.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sbme.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /getoutline.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cirosantilli.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /savevid.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /seapuff.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /communitychoicecu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxifier.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ksdl.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mcadforums.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /savetibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /citizenlab.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onlytweets.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hizb-ut-tahrir.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dilber.se/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /10conditionsoflove.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tttan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /savetibet.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /savethesounds.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ellawine.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sanmin.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetjustice.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /u15.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /salvation.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sakya.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailamaprotesters.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /answering-islam.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /periscope.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hec.su/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bemywife.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iicns.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /helpzhuling.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /plus28.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shizhao.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /h5dm.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /maskedip.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mooo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /safervpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chaturbate.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkatvnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freeyoutubeproxy.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /national-lottery.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alwaysdata.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinese-leaders.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bahamut.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nps.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /textnow.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /withgoogle.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aiph.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /app.heywire.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /photodharma.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lightyearvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /privatevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sacks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mcfog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ibros.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tacem.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eireinikotaerukai.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gstatic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hide.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /3proxy.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dowei.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /passion.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /clearwisdom.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornstarclub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myaudiocast.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mrbonus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dastrassi.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kagyuoffice.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fscked.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rutube.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taoism.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rushbee.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /paldengyal.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falunhr.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /occupytiananmen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /runbtx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailama80.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duihuahrjournal.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tianzhu.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ruanyifeng.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tbrc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coinex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gvt0.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /globalvpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /minghui.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /olumpo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rthk.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lflinkup.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mohu.ml/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rssmeme.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /memrijttm.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /booktopia.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ssglobal.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /domaintoday.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /backtotiananmen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /btcbank.bank/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kissjav.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /free4u.com.ar/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinagreenparty.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kusocity.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /certificate-transparency.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /caribbeancom.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dynupdate.no-ip.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /omnitalk.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /4sqi.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /helloavgirls.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetan-alliance.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jungleheart.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cos-moe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alliance.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /robustnessiskey.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jav.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wezone.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bloomberg.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rmjdw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uku.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sytes.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /china-week.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /psiphon3.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /m.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /investigating.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xinshijue.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /woeser.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gaymenring.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rfachina.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /9gag.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dajiyuan.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sss.camp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cts.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /truth101.co.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /retweetist.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /subacme.rerouted.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /disneyplus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.ms/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /faststone.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /religioustolerance.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mmaaxx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /seed4.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bonbonme.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dvdpac.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hgseav.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /relaxbbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /scribd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vocn.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinalaborwatch.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /watchmygf.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhengwunet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /izles.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freedomchina.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /redchinacn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blogcatalog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hihiforum.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youtu.be/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /buzzorange.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tvider.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ai-wen.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /recoveryversion.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /foxtang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /p16-tiktokcdn-com.akamaized.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zyns.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /trendsmap.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /realcourage.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zim.vn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sitemaps.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iblogserv-f.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chuizi.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zzcloud.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /china-mmm.sa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rawgithub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /maxing.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /godsdirectcontact.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dafoh.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rawgit.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /synergyse.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /abc.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ranyunfei.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /download.cnet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wiki.cnitter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /i.lithium.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.hk.msn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myca168.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /boardreader.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /citizensradio.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.jo/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rangzen.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dipity.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /centerforhumanreprod.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /artsy.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuibeitu.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /trulyergonomic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bongacams.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liujianshu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mysinablog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dagelijksestandaard.nl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tagwa.org.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /raindrop.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /raidtalk.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinese-memorial.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /raidcall.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cmule.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /boobstagram.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chrdnet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xiaolan.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /telegram.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bizhat.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /d1c37gjwa26taa.cloudfront.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /classicalguitarblog.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /code1984.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /radiohilight.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /poloniex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /free-gate.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /peing.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /channel8news.sg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ch.shvoong.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rael.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eracom.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gzm.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zzux.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.ba/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vultryhw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chatnook.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tsemtulku.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nemesis2.qx.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /otnd.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oclp.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /beyondfirewall.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /quranexplorer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nikkei.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /quran.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /free-ssh.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /discuss4u.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /merit-times.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /isunaffairs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chenpokong.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fangeming.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thefacebook.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ccvoice.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qstatus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /smarthide.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /redchinacn.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /brutaltgp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /anthonycalzadilla.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.qooza.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cao.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1998cdp.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /imgur.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qiwen.lu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qidian.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qiangyou.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shadowsocks.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /desc.se/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fanqianghou.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huanghuagang.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sl-reverse.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lematin.ch/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /band.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rixcloud.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /csdparty.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /itsaol.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ifcss.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /softfamous.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /recovery.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ghut.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goagent.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /betternet.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /666kb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gazotube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pureinsight.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /redd.it/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chromeexperiments.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /omni7.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /trt.net.tr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /like.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /switch1.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /furhhdl.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /earthcam.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fofg-europe.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /puffinbrowser.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /boyangu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tensorflow.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mpettis.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pursuestar.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /99btgc01.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tubaholic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mylftv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sellclassics.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.msn.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /punyu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /boxpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /imagevenue.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinalawtranslate.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youmaker.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googleapis.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nvdst.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /koornk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dtwang.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mydad.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blacklogic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /expatshield.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /netme.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dok-forum.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ozxw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /communistcrimes.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxytunnel.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ktzhk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /milsurps.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lotuslight.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkepc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mitao.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xrentdvd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.az/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gluckman.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /api.proxlet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jintian.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /savetibet.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jinx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkgalden.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ccdtr.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kwcg.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitstat.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hidemyass.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dubox.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /private.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mofos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bastillepost.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cari.com.my/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /prisoneralert.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /prestige-av.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cn.uptodown.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /presentationzen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /power.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /beaconevents.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bit.ly/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mhradio.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sogrady.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /raggedbanner.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.lv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dyndns-pics.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /calebelston.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /putty.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qiandao.today/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hihistory.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eq.ccu.edu.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /5278.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bravotube.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jiangweiping.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /teddysun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cmule.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /provpnaccounts.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bl-doujinsouko.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /le-vpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wikileaks-forum.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /powerphoto.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /powercx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dtiblog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /228.net.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rsdlmonitor.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /talkboxapp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /monlamit.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /potvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gohappy.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /search.xxx/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /akademiye.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lkcn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.tk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chromium.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stoweboyd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /enlighten.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /acevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ddns.ms/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /poskotanews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qgirl.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /portablevpn.nl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /autodraw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /123rf.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hoxx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornsocket.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bmfinn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornhubpremium.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbchat.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ienergy1.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornbase.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinaway.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xuehua.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /porn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falunaz.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /commentshk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nudezz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /politicalchina.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /2lipstube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxomitron.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pokerstrategy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /moonbbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pokerstars.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /85cc.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /findyoutube.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuidang.se/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ddns.me.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /plurk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ub0.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /plunder.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /32red.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /plays.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /playno1.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /maniash.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /friendfeed.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meripet.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.dk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rfa.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitzap.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pixelqi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /8-d.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdn.ampproject.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinainterimgov.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingpaomonthly.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinadialogue.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gdzf.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amnesty.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinterest.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /beevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailama-archives.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1688.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hrichina.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /e123.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newtaiwan.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fontsource.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /phuquocservices.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dolf.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bitshare.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flickrhivemind.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /footwiball.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /laomiu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aobo.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinimg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /asiansexdiary.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ping.fm/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bailandaily.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bitc.bme.emory.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ntd.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fanqiangzhe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pin6.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /krtco.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rolia.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /picturesocial.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tc39.es/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailamahindi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /whatbrowser.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /25u.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /translate.goog/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /getcloak.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wzyboy.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /85cc.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /letou.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duckmylife.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flagsonline.it/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /furinkan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /api-verify.recaptcha.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /primevideo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freechina.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goodtv.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pdproxy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liberal.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.hkpeanut.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chuang-yen.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /metarthunter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cnpolitics.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bignews.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dreamamateurs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /justmysocks1.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nexttv.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pfd.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blockless.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kepard.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nalandabodhi.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huaren4us.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingdemedia.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /percy.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /my-proxy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thecenter.mit.edu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /3-a.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /peoplenews.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /luxebc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingpaotor.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /haproxy.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /brockbbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /penthouse.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newsdh.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epac.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /3arabtv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xbookcn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /martinoei.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /icu-project.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /d100.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /peeasian.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meyou.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shangfang.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /peacehall.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /peace.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /centurys.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /civilhrfront.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /my.opera.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pbxes.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pbxes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pbs.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /urbandictionary.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freemuse.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /contactmagazine.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /waselpro.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /passiontimes.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /catholic.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yimg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gamousa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /partypoker.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /spaces.hightail.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /grandtrial.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xfinity.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crossvpn.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibettelegraph.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /citizenscommission.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rfalive1.akacast.akamaistream.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlezip.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdpweb.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /91porn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwan-sex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /line-apps.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /naol.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.fi/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bcc.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pacopacomama.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /packetix.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coursehero.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pobieramy.top/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lbank.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /helloss.pw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ozyoyo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /4chan.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /darktoy.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /btctrade.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dcmilitary.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rapidgator.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tmdfish.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbs.ozchinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ow.ly/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /htl.li/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bebo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ht.ly/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iu45.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xinqimeng.over-blog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oursweb.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /shadowsocks.be/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes.co.il/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chushigangdrug.ch/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nic.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /osfoora.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailama.mn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tui.orzdream.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yes-news.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /t.orzdream.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkcoc.weather.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wuguoguang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dnssec.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myforum.com.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eslite.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /grow.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /drtuber.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bjzc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tellme.pw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /khabdha.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /orgfree.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /githubassets.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /orgasm.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkdailynews.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /881903.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.orchidbbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /softether.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ablwang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /openwebster.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hsjp.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /getlantern.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /arte.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /open.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chrlawyers.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fileflyer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rcam.target.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onmoon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onmoon.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nflximg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onlinecha.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tumview.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fsurf.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lighten.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /binux.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mypop3.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdpusa.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bannedbook.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huobipro.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /badoo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /potato.im/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /codeshare.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dw-world.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /old-cat.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /widevine.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkheadline.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /filmy.olabloga.pl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dabr.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /login.target.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /appsto.re/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lesoir.be/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bartvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hket.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avyahoo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /babynet.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rfi.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /rocksdb.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /akamaihd.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oikos.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ogate.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /airasia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /liuhanyu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /curvefish.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ogaoga.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nylonstockingsonline.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /surfeasy.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /3ren.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /torvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.exblog.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /observechina.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kinmen.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ddc.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ggpht.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /androidtv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hornygamer.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hougaige.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nyaa.eu/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sharpdaily.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /caochangqing.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /18onlygirls.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cloud.mail.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pussyspace.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cams.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nvquan.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thlib.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdjp.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nurgo-software.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /athenaeizou.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /paradisehill.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hopto.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ntdtvla.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mindrolling.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hotpot.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ntdtv.co.kr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ntdtv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nytlog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zhao.1984.city/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /noypf.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /joyourself.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /proxynetwork.org.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aceros-de-hispania.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coinegg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.now.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /novelasia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /harunyahya.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwankiss.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /173ng.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tor.updatestar.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yeahteentube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fzh999.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ae.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aboluowang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /secretgarden.no/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /adelaidebbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /daozhongxing.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /888poker.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.tm/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cloudfront.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /navyfamily.navy.mil/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /new-3lunch.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twister.net.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hudson.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /servehttp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /apkplz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /opendn.xyz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /organiccrap.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /itasoftware.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /br.st/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /braumeister.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huaxin.ph/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gotdns.ch/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /allowed.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweetcs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /decodet.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zillionk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pinkrod.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mefound.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /istars.co.nz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dpp.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /linksalpha.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnbook.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /marc.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /av.nightlife141.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freechinaforum.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dmc.nico/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /comparitech.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanaidproject.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /next11.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newtalk.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /binwang.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /americanunfinished.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lockestek.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xbtce.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mo.nightlife141.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /muchosucko.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newstarnet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crwdcntrl.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /questvisual.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ghostpath.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /laptoplockdown.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avmoo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /briefdream.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newstapa.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.sk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /earlytibet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gigporno.ru/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /heavy-r.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /newnews.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /new-akiba.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlechinawebmaster.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ndr.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hacg.li/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alabout.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /news.tvb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /archive.is/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dronedj.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nationsonline.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onedumb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /search.aol.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /middle-way.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpncup.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pagodabox.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbnradio.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /turbobit.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /singtaousa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dnsrd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /emaga.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /design.google/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanyouthcongress.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /realsexpass.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fapdu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nakuz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hacg.club/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mypopescu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /engagedaily.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /movements.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avcool.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mymusic.net.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /christusrex.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nflxso.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myfreshnet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /behance.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /karkhung.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /abematv.akamaized.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huobi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /peacefire.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mychinanews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /muslimvideo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /atnext.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gjczz.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dlyoutube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /3boys2girls.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /my-formosa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /funkyimg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /greenreadings.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mjlsh.usc.cuhk.edu.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lflinkup.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /4pu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dizhidizhi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /anysex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tuo8.red/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /2du5.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /citizencn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dailyview.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dwnews.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /voa-11.akacast.akamaistream.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jihadology.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mponline.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cristyli.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mp3buscador.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /corumcollege.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kawase.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wego.here.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myparagliding.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /exploader.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mousebreaker.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gcc.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mihk.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bigmoney.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hsselite.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /monocloud.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mog.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mobile01.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /in-disguise.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mlcool.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mixx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinapost.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nyaa.si/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mixpod.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mitbbsau.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tycool.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eisbb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freekwonpyong.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /minzhuzhanxian.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailamaquotes.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twblogger.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ministrybooks.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /minhhue.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /calgarychinese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jpopforum.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingshengbao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /islamicity.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnaccounts.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mihua.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eriversoft.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /englishpen.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /teachparentstech.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /g-area.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mergersandinquisitions.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingpao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /entnt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mingjingtimes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onmypc.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /imageflea.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbg.gov/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /minghui.or.kr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ns3.name/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mercyprophet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.is/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /polymer-project.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duihua.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cuihua.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nflxvideo.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bic2011.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /asg.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javakiba.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /times.hinet.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amoiist.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meteorshowersonline.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /metacafe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meshrep.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /memri.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chhongbi.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /memorybbs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meirixiaochao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /megavideo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /megaproxy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meforum.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kawaiikawaii.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /olympicwatch.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /disconnect.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /webmproject.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /meansys.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mahabodhi.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /crd-net.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mcaf.ee/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /almasdarnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mathiew-badimon.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mathable.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dish.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /civisec.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jav68.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /stackoverflow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /onejav.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /marxists.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fartit.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kendatire.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mansion.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /scache2.vzw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /theinitium.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.expofutures.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /marguerite.su/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /maplew.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cineastentreff.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /adultkeep.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eromanga-kingdom.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochhk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /welovecock.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /international-news.newsmagazine.asia/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dotsub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /e-info.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /giganews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /getchu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /appsocks.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /madrau.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /erepublik.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lupm.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fanqiang.network/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sowers.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /clearharmony.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /authorizeddns.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coolstuffinc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lsmkorean.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ettoday.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /multiply.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /duckdns.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lsforum.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /edmontonchina.cn/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yourtrap.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lrip.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /culture.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sto.cc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blog.cnyes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pmatehunter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /secure.logmein.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinaaid.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cactusvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.gl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cws.conviva.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mqxd.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /telegra.ph/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blogcity.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /livevideo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bookepub.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /erodaizensyu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /linglingfa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /neverforget8964.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /howtoforge.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlegroups.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /10beasts.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdn.assets.lfpcontent.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /legalporno.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googleweblight.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.nl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googleapps.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eucasino.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ctfriend.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fan-qiang.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /faqserv.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chn.chosun.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jkforum.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /woxinghuiguo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /quitccp.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /actfortibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /daftporn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cdw.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bcast.co.nz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chrome.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /waiwaier.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cap.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /big.one/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lalulalu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kyoyue.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /appledaily.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cahr.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kui.name/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gotw.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tcpspeed.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /sthoo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /brkmd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tubepornclassic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinachannel.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /python.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /authorizeddns.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zorrovpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mynetav.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /taiwanjustice.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailamafoundation.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tweetrans.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.kindleren.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /godoc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /etaiwannews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kichiku-doujinko.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /keezmovies.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkfaa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.moztw.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chromecast.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /itemdb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kantie.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pincong.rocks/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /constitutionalism.solutions/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cw.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /abitno.linpie.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /anonymitynetwork.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hitbtc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xuchao.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kagyuoffice.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kingdomsalvation.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /voanews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blogger.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jwmusic.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /juziyue.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibet.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jubushoushen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /foreignpolicy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /abebooks.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bbs.junglobal.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fflick.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bipic.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aenhancers.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javhip.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cnd.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailamajapanese.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /joinbbs.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bitcointalk.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jinbushe.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /emule-ed2k.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jtvnw.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /jigglegifs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /openallweb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aisex.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javbus.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /zb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.sc/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qtweeter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pcdvd.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /get.how/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /llss.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /guaneryu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gongwt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ukcdp.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hacg.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blogtd.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /iverycd.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /calameo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alexlur.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /discuss.com.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /digisfera.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myradio.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /baywords.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ftp1.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /animecrazy.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /itsky.it/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goldstep.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ithome.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dns2go.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /backpackers.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /toodoc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /100ke.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /authorizeddns.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /isohunt.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /isgreat.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /englishfromengland.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /seevpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /c2cx.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /islam.org.hk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /disneyplus.com.ssl.sc.omtrdc.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /malaysiakini.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinese.irib.ir/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ipvanish.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /get.dev/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bgvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ipalter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pornoxo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinesen.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /inthenameofconfuciusmovie.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ns1.name/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /teepr.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ikstar.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /info-graf.fr/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /manta.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /goldbet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /indiandefensenews.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /lingvodics.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alvinalexander.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /impact.org.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /imkev.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /maiplus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /img.ly/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.rw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /asiatgp.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /canalporno.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /glorystar.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bestvpnservice.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dharamsalanet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /apkmirror.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /igfw.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yahoo.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /i2p2.de/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /yahoo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freenetproject.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /myeclipseide.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /say2.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /arethusa.su/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /danwei.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cclifefl.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /centralnation.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /javbus.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /i-cable.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /drepung.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gcc.ntu.edu.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falundafa-sacramento.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /21andy.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /treemall.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /avcity.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /you-get.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /falundafa-nc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /student.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /huashangnews.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /facebookquotes4u.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hua-yue.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freeddns.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ttwstatic.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vpnfire.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hqcdp.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /alljackpotscasino.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /creadersnet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /qi-gong.me/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nydus.ca/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gr8domain.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /www.sciencemag.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /drgan.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.cd/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hkusu.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freexinwen.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /theguardian.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /t.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /electionsmeter.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tibetanpaintings.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vidble.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nwtca.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hideme.nl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hideipvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nokogiri.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ap.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thisav.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hexieshe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cam4.sg/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dalailamafilm.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hentaivideoworld.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /vmpsoft.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /picasaweb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /erodoujinworld.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nofile.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /electrek.co/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /instanthq.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gov.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gunsamerica.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /allinfa.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wozy.in/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /oculuscdn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /xysblogs.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /c-est-simple.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aptoide.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gun-world.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /great-roc.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /van001.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /superzooi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /godsdirectcontact.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twftp.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /archive.today/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /youtubekids.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /godfootsteps.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twitturk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinacomments.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /pk.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gifree.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wjbk.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gongmeng.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freeyellow.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thebobs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gaywatch.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /blogdns.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /g6hentai.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /messenger.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /chinaaffairs.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nobelprize.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /japantimes.co.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uncyclopedia.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /arctosia.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dessci.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /canadameet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /frootvpn.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /freewebs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /b0ne.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /flgjustice.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fileforum.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /heartyit.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wwe.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /12bet.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nobel.se/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /molihua.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bloomberg.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /tvplayvideos.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /nytimes.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /uukanshu.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /amiblockedornot.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mad-ar.ch/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /twurl.nl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /6park.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dynamicdns.biz/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /namgyalmonastery.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /asiaharvest.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /gcr.io/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /mansionpoker.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /go141.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /thinkwithgoogle.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /kakao.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /hwinfo.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /businesstoday.com.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coolloud.org.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bakgeekhome.tk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /etaa.org.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /eromangadouzin.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /epochtimes-romania.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ernestmandel.org/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /showtime.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /entermap.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /141tube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bloombergview.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /9bis.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /al-islam.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /aofriend.com.au/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /wo3t.wordpress.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /emanna.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /1dumb.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /apetube.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlelabs.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /h528.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlemashups.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /breakwall.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /justdied.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /istef.info/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /boxun.tv/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coingi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dns1.us/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /dlsite.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fangongheike.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /muzi.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /googlemail.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /barnabu.co.uk/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /fatbtc.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /coolncute.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ttvnw.net/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /ccthere.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /destroy-china.jp/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bx.tl/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /bangyoulater.com/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /google.to/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
domain-rules /cbs.ntu.edu.tw/ -speed-check-mode ping -nameserver foreign -ipset gfwlist
